1S-snow is pouring from the sky.
1After some w-wandering, you find yourself on main street where a giant military parade is being held.
1Lines upon l-lines of Elves march in unison towards the factory.
1H-hey,
1was it really the best idea to go to the North Pole in nothing but a T-shirt and shorts.
1A-anyway, welcome to the North Pole!
1Usually this place is lovely and cheery but without the constitution, Governor Santa Claus is allowed to do whatever he wishes.
1Naturally, he decided to establish a totalitarian dictatorship.
1All across the walls of the buildings are posters that read,
1"Everything for the Claus"
1"Santa knows when you are sleeping"
1"You better watch out; you better not cry"
1and so on.
1I can't believe any of thi-
1...
1...
1...
1"Hey!"
1"Hey!"
1"Hey!"
1Oh my!
1It seems like we were knocked out for some reason.
1You open your eyes to see an elf in a military uniform holding a clipboard.
1You, Mr. Skellybones, and Zeep Vorp are currently tied to chairs with wrapping paper.
1"Do you have authorization be here?"
1Wait a second!
1We've been caught by Santa's secret police!
1"Do you plan on answering or should I already get you working in the toy factory?"
1"Do you have authorization to be here?"
`Nod`Shake Head
1Really? I'm looking at this list and the only three names listed here are "Santa Claus", "Mrs. Claus" and "Not You"
1She shows you the list and it indeed says "Not You."
1"Dishonesty is not tolerated by Governor Claus."
1"You are now sentenced to 20 Christmases building board game sets."
1Before you knew it, the three of you were building board game sets in a toy factory.
1We cannot have this happen!
1We have a country to save!
2"That's what I thought."
2"Governor Claus is a kind man, so your honesty will be rewarded."
2"You will only spend the next 15 Christmases building board game sets."
2Before you knew it, the three of you were building board game sets in a toy factory.
2We cannot have this happen!
2We have a country to save!