1After enjoying the carnival games, you witness a buggy pull up to the entrance.
1You curiously head to the entrance to witness a buggy being carried by skeleton horses commanded by very dapper zombies.
1The horses stop parallel to the entrance and stop.
1The carriage opens, revealing a gigantic skeleton dressed in a suit and tie.
1AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
1Sorry,
1I got a little scared
1You can't figure out who the skeleton is.
1It exits the buggy, standing at least 8 feet tall. As it walks into the carnival,
1it trips.
1"YEEEEEEEEEOUUUUUUUCH!"
1It jumps up as it hits its funny bone.
1"Please pardon me..."
1"I meant to say,"
1"RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!"
1AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
1Sorry, I got a little spooked.
1Anyway, in its hand, it holds a hat.
1Once it puts it on...
1You realize that its no "it",
1He's Mr. Skellybones,
1governor of Spookyland.
1He takes off his hat and reaches into his hat and pulls out an old piece of parchement,
1a page of the constitution.
`Ask for the page politely`Backflip to assert dominance
1You walk up to Mr. Skellybones and tap his knee
1He looks down at you.
1"Raaaaaah, what do you wish for human?"
1You point to the constitution
1"Raaaaaah, I am afraid I cannot provide you that."
1You sigh and walk away defeated.
1And so, your quest ends, disappointed and defeated.
1...
1Wait a second!
1There's no way you'll just let it end like that!
1$20 is on the line!
1You turn around and charge Mr. Skellybones, trying to reach the page.
1You jump and miss.
1Mr. Skellybones looks enraged
2You walk in front of Mr. Skellybones.
2He looks down at you curiously
2You hit an absolutely radical backflip
2"Raaaaaah, that was radical!"
2"It seems that I have met an equal."
2He offers to shake your hand.
2When he reaches down to shake your hand, you grab him and pull him towards the ground.
2You try to grab the page from his hands.
2But he scares you with a polite "boo"
2It seems like this won't be as easy as originally expected.