-dlc_dialogue/north_dakota/audio/palace_audio.txt
1After hours of wandering, the sun sets and the moon rises.
1PEPPER: "What now?"
1MR. SKELLYBONES: "Raaaaaah, what shall we do, honored one."
1You shrug.
1PEPPER: "Every second we spend wandering is another second Vorp has to run away."
1You nod.
1You place your hand on your chin and think,
1and think,
1and think,
1and remember that you left the fridge open at home.
1Oh, and then you think of a solution.
1You close your eyes and spin around until you lose your sense of direction.
1You stop and open your eyes.
1You are pointing to a grand, impossible to miss palace that you somehow spent the past hours missing.
1MR. SKELLYBONES: "In retrospect, we should have started there."
1You notice that one pair of palace doors are open but guarded.
1You walk up to the entrance.
1GUARD: "Do you have an invite to the royal ball?"
`Style on 'em`Distract
1You grab Pepper's Candy Cane Tommy Gun and kickflip it.
1GUARD: "Th-that was radical!"
1GUARD: "Right this way!"
1The guards step aside and you enter the ballroom.
1It's a beautiful palace.
1Along the walls you see paintings by the greatest artists to ever live.
1The ceiling is one big canvas depicting the capital of North Dakota.
1Classical music fills the room as North Dakotan aristocrats slowly waltz to the rhythm
1At the end of the ballroom you notice a monolithic figure in grand robes and a great crown sitting on a throne.
1The King of North Dakota...
1Standing beside him is a nervous looking teenager with a smaller, still pretty crown.
1He holds his robes so that they are around him, and hide his body
1The king and him are discussing something.
1You go around the dancers to talk with the king.
1KING: "Stop wandering around like a spectre and socialize!"
1PRINCE: "But I have no interest in talking to anyone here.
1You clear your throat loudly to get your attention.
1The king raises his hand to stop the conversation and looks at you.
1KING: "Who are you and what do you desire?"
1He waits on your response but Pepper steps in.
1PEPPER: "They don't really talk all too much."
1MR. SKELLYBONES: "We have come to inquire on your knowledge of Zeep Vorp.?"
1The king goes pale.
1KING: "I-I do not know of a 'Zeep Vorp'"
1KING: "I-it's not like I gave him the North Dakotan Diamond in exchange for him quelling anti-monarchy sentiments"
1KING: "A-and it's not like he completely left and that all of North Dakota will fall into the ocean in one week!"
1KING: "Th-that would be absurd!"
1KING: "Just as absurd as me knowing where Zeep Vorp might have gone but not telling anyone because it's embarassing!"
1Everyone stops dancing and stares blankly at the king.
1PRINCE: "I told you not to trust that alien!"
1KING: "Oh no..."
1The king panics but soon his panic turns to rage.
1KING: "Trespassers! How dare you insolently address the king without permission!"
1PRINCE: "Father, please don't do this."
1KING: "Boy, get your staff out. I shall slay these peasants totally not because they prompted me to expose my deep dark secret!"
1The Prince sighs as he gets out his staff.
2You pick up a pebble and throw it far away.
2GUARD: "You do realize that trick only works if the person doesn't see you throw it..."
2You make a spinning motion to say "turn around."
2The guards shrug and turn around.
2You run to the pebble, grab it, run back, then throw it.
2GUARD: "What was that? We should investigate!"
2All of the guards go in the direction of the pebble and the three of you walk into the ballroom
2It's a beautiful palace.
2Along the walls you see paintings by the greatest artists to ever live.
2The ceiling is one big canvas depicting the capital of North Dakota.
2Classical music fills the room as North Dakotan aristocrats slowly waltz to the rhythm
2At the end of the ballroom you notice a monolithic figure in grand robes and a great crown sitting on a throne.
2The King of North Dakota...
2Standing beside him is a nervous looking teenager with a smaller, still pretty crown.
2He holds his robes so that they are around him, and hide his body
2The king and him are discussing something.
2You go around the dancers to talk with the king.
2KING: "Stop wandering around like a spectre and socialize!"
2PRINCE: "But I have no interest in talking to anyone here."
2You clear your throat loudly to get your attention.
2The king raises his hand to stop the conversation and looks at you.
2KING: "Who are you and what do you desire?"
2He waits on your response but Pepper steps in.
2PEPPER: "They don't really talk all too much."
2MR. SKELLYBONES: "We have come to inquire on your knowledge of Zeep Vorp?"
2The king goes pale.
2KING: "I-I do not know of a 'Zeep Vorp'"
2KING: "I-it's not like I gave him the North Dakotan Diamond in exchange for him quelling anti-monarchy sentiments"
2KING: "A-and it's not like he completely left and that all of North Dakota will fall into the ocean in one week!"
2KING: "Th-that would be absurd!"
2KING: "Just as absurd as me knowing where Zeep Vorp might have gone but not telling anyone because it's embarassing!"
2Everyone stops dancing and stares blankly at the king.
2PRINCE: "I told you not to trust that alien!"
2KING: "Oh no..."
2The king panics but soon his panic turns to rage.
2KING: "Trespassers! How dare you insolently address the king without permission!"
2PRINCE: "Father, please don't do this."
2KING: "Boy, get your staff out. I shall slay these peasants totally not because they prompted me to expose my deep dark secret!"
2The Prince sighs as he gets out his staff.