-dlc_dialogue\opening\audio\intro2_audio.txt
1MENTOR: "Welp. You're screwed."
1The mentor runs away and jumps through a window.
1ROBBER: "Uh..."
1ROBBER: "Um..."
1The robber drops his gun and raises his hand in the air.
1You shrug and grab a cold sliced sandwich without condiments and bring it to the counter.
1CASHIER: "That'll be $2.73."
1You pat your pockets and luckily you have 273 pennies in there.
1You grab the pennies and place them on the counter.
1CASHIER: "What did I do to deserve this?"
1You walk out with your sandwich,
1Then eat it.
1All things considered,
1it was mediocre.
1But at least it was breakfast.
1You walk 4 hours to the White House and then enter the briefing room.
1In the breifing room is the President, 
1Vice President Palmer, 
1Secretary of State, 
1Secretary of War, 
1Director of the Central-er Intelligence Agency
1and a pizze delivery man named Tony.
1PALMER: "Ah, welcome."
1PALMER: "Congrats on getting here in only 12 hours."
1PALMER: "That has to be a new record."
1You do a heal click in joy.
1PALMER: "Anyway, Director Jameson and his agency has found some information that you want to see."
1She turns on the large screen in front of a wall.
1On the screen you see security camera footage from a bank.
1A mysterious, short man walks in with a fedora and trench coat that poorly fits him.
1The man pulls out a laser pistol.
1"Veedal zoop zoodal beep!"
1Everyone gets on the ground.
1He looks up at the camera.
1It's not just some robber.
1It's Zeep Vorp.
1Zeep Vorp fires at the camera, ending the footage.
1PALMER: "We want you to arrest him and bring him to justice."
1PALMER: "To aid you, we have brought some old friends."
1Behind you, you hear footsteps behind you.
1PERSON BEHIND YOU: "Hey!"
1You turn around to see Mr. Skellybones and Pepper.
1PALMER: "Do you feel up to it?"
`Nod`Shake Head
1Palmer smirks.
1PALMER: "I had a feeling you were."
1And so begins the second greatest Quest for the Country this nation has ever seen!
1Probably...
2And so begins the second greatest Quest-
2Wait what?
2Palmer looks surprised and can you blame her.
2Come on, you literally saved the country.
2This surely can't be any harder.
2Palmer clears her throat.
2PALMER: "Well... we had a plan if you said that."
2She plays security camera footage of a young you shoplifting.
2PALMER: "If you help us, you will receive a pardon for this horrible crime."
2Your eyes widen in shock.
2And so begins the second greatest Quest for the Country this nation has ever seen!
2Probably...
