1You head back to the parade where you were originally knocked out.
1You look up to notice the towering factory that you just left.
1At its top is a balcony where you see Santa Claus look out from.
1There he has a microphone and cameras connected to a giant screen at the top of the factory.
1You can see his face on the screen for miles.
1"Hohoho!"
1"We are all gathered here today to welcome a new era for the North Pole."
1"With what I have in this hand,"
1He holds up a page of the constitution.
1"we will rule the EMUSA with an icey fist!"
1"Ho"
1"Ho"
1"Ho!"
1The elves cheer greatly as reindeers fly past the factory, making shapes in the sky.
1"Raaaah, we must go up there, honored one." remarks Mr. Skellybones 
1"Reep vap too!"
1"Raaaah, there is no time for jokes, Vorp."
1Oh classic Zeep Vorp!
1Anyway, you guys sneak back into the factory and go up the christmas spirit powered elavator.
1You reach the top floor where Santa is but as the elevator opens, you notice an elf guarding the entrance.
1It's the same elf who sentenced you to work in the toy factory.
1"You three... You're supposed to be working in the factory!"
1"What are you doing up here?"
1You show her a page of the constitution
1"Hahaha, there's no chance you'll get that from Governor Claus, let alone get past me."
1"I've been training for 21 of the 19 years of my life for this very moment."
1"I was personally trained by Saint Nicholas, raised by Mrs. Claus, mentored by Kris Kringle."
1She keeps yapping about something but it doesn't really seem like our problem so you give her a thumbs up and walk into the penthouse.
1"Hey, wait a second!"
1Apparently Santa was too busy yapping about something or whatever to notice you enter.
1You sneak up behind him but before you can take the page of the constitution.
1A bright beam with the smell of peppermint narrowly misses you and Santa.
1You turn around to see the elf from earlier.
1The beam gets the attention of Santa who knocks you away
1Oops.
1I guess we're fighting Santa Claus.